Add limitation for dataflows with administration mode (#547)
MicrosoftDocs/powerquery-docs: powerquery-docs/dataflows/dataflow-solution-awareness.md

* To enable dataflow import, the Dataflows plugin performs unmanaged customizations during the asynchronous import step. These modifications are essential for a successful import.
* Dataflows do not support block of unmanaged customizations. See, [Block unmanaged customizations in Dataverse environments](/power-platform/alm/block-unmanaged-customizations#known-limitations)
* Dataflows do not support preferred solution. See, [Set a preferred solution](/power-apps/maker/data-platform/preferred-solution#limitations)

> * Dataflows can't be deployed to environments in administration mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For dataflows to import successfully into an environment, it cannot be in administration mode, or background operations need to be enabled.
```

Reviewer 2: @msftyehong - the suggested change is a little ambiguous. Maybe "For dataflows to import successfully into an environment, either the environment can't be in administration mode, or background operations need to be enabled."
Let me know if that "either/or" is technically correct. The other changes were for Microsoft style.

Reviewer: I modified my suggestion from "For dataflows to import successfully into an environment, it cannot be in administration mode, or background operations need to be enabled." to "For dataflows to import successfully into an environment, either the environment can't be in administration mode, or background operations need to be enabled."
